BETTER WAYS, making supply chains more sustainable every day
The CMA CGM Group’s mission is to contribute to sustainable globalization through better balanced international trade that fosters both economic and social development while respecting the integrity of all men and women and the planet.


Our mission
We play a pivotal role in the global trade, which is why we must create value for our environment, for our customers and for our staff members. An ambition that is built around five strategic pillars for our Group. Achieving the right balance and seamless interaction between each of these pillars is the foundation of our growth that is essential for our sustained development.

PURSUING MARITIME DEVELOPMENT

We innovate to make our ships and our port terminals safer and more efficient than ever and to Enhance customer satisfaction by adapting our capacity to their demand, by handling goods with the greatest care possible - especially the most fragile of items - and by boosting our customers’ activities, with the CMA CGM+ range of solutions. Lastly, we innovate through leveraging the synergies between our shipping services on the main intercontinental routes and our revamped intra-regional lines.

OFFERING LOGISTICS SOLUTIONS

The complementarity between shipping and logistics is a key part of the CMA CGM Group’s identity, and of that of its subsidiary CEVA Logistics and its airfreight division. We provide end-to-end transport solutions for all types of goods via our shipping, our overland and our airfreight services by harnessing our know-how in contract logistics and warehousing. This network of services enables us to deliver a truly intermodal approach as well as unsurpassed efficiency to meet our customers’ transportation needs.

ACCELERATING INNOVATION AND DIGITALIZATION

By putting R&D, the IoT, artificial intelligence and block chain technology at the heart of our innovation processes, we at the CMA CGM Group, aim at accelerating the transport and logistics industry’s digital transformation. Our goal is to develop smart and more secure solutions, while accelerating the rollout of intuitive digital tools that deliver a smoother user experience for both our staff members and our customers, and that offer a short-term return on investment.

DEVELOPING SOLUTIONS THAT ARE MORE RESPECTFUL OF PEOPLE AND OF OUR PLANET

The CMA CGM Group’s mission is to contribute to more balanced and more inclusive globalization that is more respectful of our natural environments. Our commitment to sustainable development is backed by concrete and tangible actions that are forever more people- and more planet-friendly. Committed to the energy transition, CMA CGM Group is implementing the best available solutions - liquefied natural gas, biomethane and biofuel - which immediately reduce the environmental impact of maritime transport and logistics. The goal is to achieve carbon neutrality by 2050.

ACCOMPANYING THE GROUP’S STAFF MEMBERS

The 160,000 women and men who work every day to develop our Group are our greatest asset. We act to ensure their safety, improve their well being and promote more inclusive approaches. We support the Group’s employees in developing their skills and talents through tailored training programs provided by the CMA CGM ACADEMY.